# Professional-statement
I am enthusiastic about the field of cybersecurity due to my passion for safeguarding critical physical and digital assets and maintaining the integrity of information systems. My journey in the field of cybersecurity has equipped me with valuable work experience, knowledge, skills, and notable achievements, which can positively impact an organization and the people it serves. I place a high value on maintaining a strong security posture to help protect sensitive information and mitigate risk.
<p>During my tenure at Shopify, I served as a Support Advisor where I learned various cybersecurity situations, policies, and regulations. In this role, I have successfully adhered to the company's security guidelines, actively participated in relevant training, and upheld ethical principles. In assisting clients, I have effectively aided businesses in avoiding fraud attacks, safeguarding the security of both the merchants and their customers' PII information. This experience has further deepened my understanding of the significance of cybersecurity in the age of the Internet. This experience has allowed me to develop a deep understanding of cyber threats, risk assessment, and the implementation of security measures to mitigate vulnerabilities.
<p>My academic background includes a Junior cybersecurity analyst from CISCO, where I honed my skills in threat analysis, ethical hacking, and security architecture. And the cybersecurity professional certificates from Google Academics, where I have learned the tools and programming languages to forensic and mitigate risks. 
<p>My passion for cybersecurity extends beyond the workplace and academics. I consistently stay updated with the latest security trends, vulnerabilities, and emerging technologies through self-study and participation in industry conferences. I am committed to applying my knowledge to protect organizations from cyber threats and ensuring compliance with regulatory standards.

